The "quic " label is used for key update (#1899)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-tls.md

change.  An endpoint that notices a changed KEY_PHASE bit can update keys and
decrypt the packet that contains the changed bit.

This mechanism replaces the TLS KeyUpdate message.  Endpoints MUST NOT send a
TLS KeyUpdate message.  Endpoints MUST treat the receipt of a TLS KeyUpdate
message as a connection error of type 0x10a, equivalent to a fatal TLS alert of
unexpected_message (see {{tls-errors}}).

An endpoint MUST NOT initiate more than one key update at a time.  A new key
cannot be used until the endpoint has received and successfully decrypted a
packet with a matching KEY_PHASE.

> A receiving endpoint detects an update when the KEY_PHASE bit doesn't match what

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A receiving endpoint detects an update when the KEY_PHASE bit does not match what
```

it is expecting.  It creates a new secret (see Section 7.2 of {{!TLS13}}) and

> the corresponding read key and IV.  This uses the same variation on HKDF as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the corresponding read key and IV using the same variation on HKDF as
```

defined in {{protection-keys}}; that is, the prefix "quic " is used in place of
"tls13 ".

If the packet can be decrypted and authenticated using the updated key and IV,
then the keys the endpoint uses for packet protection are also updated.  The
next packet sent by the endpoint will then use the new keys.

> An endpoint doesn't always need to send packets when it detects that its peer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An endpoint does not always need to send packets when it detects that its peer
```

has updated keys.  The next packet that it sends will simply use the new keys.
If an endpoint detects a second update before it has sent any packets with

> updated keys it indicates that its peer has updated keys twice without awaiting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updated keys, it indicates that its peer has updated keys twice without awaiting
```
